---
layout: post
title: How?
subtitle: How indeed?
---

To: The Dean
cc: The Class Advisor, Chair of the Department

Dear Sir,

Hope this missive finds you well. I am the Custodien, a slightly disgruntled student from Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham. I would like to request clarification on something the whole student body has been thinking about: how the heck did this university, whose upper echelons seem to be made of closeted celibates, manage to be ranked the best private institution in the country? 

Were there some sort of dealings under the table? Apologies, that was an improper question. Kindly allow me to try again. Were there some sort of dealings under the table? *mia culpa*. My keyboard seems to be malfunctioning. It refuses to type anything else. That is most certainly a very unforseen occurence. Kindly glance over that *faux pas* as I try to redirect the proverbial compass of this conversation.

How does an institution that is the most liberal minded when it comes to most things have draconian views about the others? I'm yet to see another institution in our country where students have the freedom to create, where students have but to ask to be given resources to work with. For that, in all earnestness, I doff my cap to you. However, only a person devoid of all sentiment and sensory input can fail to have misgivings about the state of the residential system. 

Before we get to the standard of living, I would like to broach upon the subject of the connectivity in the hostels. The WiFi provided is so bad that sometimes it is faster to run to the receiving station and hand off a stick drive. We are in the middle of nowhere, with cellular data hardly available. One would think that high speed internet that can accommodate a large number of devices connected would be a no brainer. Maybe this whole thing was planned by a boomer who doesn't quite understand modern technology.

Speaking of technology, the state of the electrical system is pathetic. We cannot use appliances because the wires can't handle the load? Students are being forced to prop the circuit breakers close while they get through essential chores like pressing the clothes. Is this the standard of living expected at an institution ranked as high as Amrita? Maybe somebody was bribed along the way. The condition of the rooms and the infrastructure is not unexpected, given that the official documentation about the hostel facilities refers to students as 'inmates'. Inmates indeed. Well, it must have been a genius who came up with the idea of appointing the most unapproachable and irritable members of the faculty as the wardens. But hey, that is a story for the next time.

I must bid adieu amidst this discourse. Apologies, but we are in the season of merry, cheers, and exams. Christmas is here.

I make amendes honorable if this letter seems too impolite. Forgive me. I'm unable to think straight in my stupified state of befuddlement.

Hoping you will keep up this correspondence.

Your most humble and obedient student,  
The Custodien
